is Ralph Irvin at Cal State San
Bernardino UCLA's 2013 training camp
here with Anthony bar and Anthony this
has got to be a totally different
experience for you this year last year
you're trying to work yourself in a
playing time and now you're like
everyone's attention getter and on the
defense you know it is a little
different situation but I'm embracing
the role of being a leader on this team
and I'm excited for what we've been
doing and I think a lot of the young
guys have stepped up and we're moving in
the right direction when you look back
to last year and really learning how to
play outside linebacker could you have
imagined that the year would go the way
it did that you kind of would just take
to it like a duck to water
not exactly I know you always envision
myself having some type of success but
not necessarily the type of success I
did have I think that's a combination of
hard work and good coaching and just the
team working together and everything's
good will fall into place order and a
did definitely worked out well I'd
imagine after three years at UCLA it's
just got to be an awesome feeling for
you that now you get to be in a
leadership role like you've been this
past year right you know when you're
young you kind of look up to the older
guys and kind of follow in their
footsteps and that's kind of what I want
to do now just kind of show the young
guys how we do things kind of take show
them the right way and hopefully they if
they follow that lead defense is deep
but especially the linebacking core talk
about the guys that you've seen coming
up whether the new guys or guys you've
stepped up this year oh definitely um I
think the young guys I've done extremely
well that's all of them you know from
Dion Hollins Cameron Judge Isaac and
Myles Jack no they've they've picked up
the defense so fast they're playing very
well another I think those all four of
those guys will see some type of playing
time this year and as far as leadership
roles no UK he's kind of been been out a
little bit but he's still very vocal in
meetings and Jordan as I'm all's
definitely stepped up a lot Kenny or geo
keys looking very very good for us and
Orion Hofmeister is always active and
playing his role and Erin wall stepped
up big time so we're gonna be a very
deep unit we're trying to lead this
football team I know it's been a long
camp but I know you can't wait to get
back to Westwood thanks for taking the
time to join us and good luck leading up
to the season opener yes sir thank you
had me all right that's Anthony bar once
again the Bruins continued training camp
through Saturday August 17th here at Cal
State San Bernardino before returning to
Westwood and of course
News notes on UCLA football throughout
the year you get it all right here at
UCLA Bruins dot-com